Add new spreadsheet workouts (#2140)
enkidevs/curriculum: spreadsheets/intermediate/importing-data-into-spreadsheets/importing-ods.md

---
author: Stefan-Stojanovic

aspects:
  - workout

type: normal

category: how to

---

# Importing .ods files

---
## Content

A `.ods`, or an `OpenDocument Spreadsheet` file, is a spreadsheet file created by a Calc program in `OpenOffice`. `.ods` files are like excels and spreadsheet files, they store data in rows and columns.

Here is an example of a `.ods` file opened in a simple text editor.

![notepad-ods](https://img.enkipro.com/21f2d3f177180099f4ea6cb81696a9f9.png)

`.ods` files are unreadable by humans when reading through a normal text editor.

We can import this file to a spreadsheet and then easily read that data.

To import an `.ods` file, go to `File` -> `Import`.

![file-import](https://img.enkipro.com/d7e4bbcb1dacb3934fb5ab3d5e897fb1.png)

Next, a pop-up window will appear asking you to select a file.

There are 4 ways to import a file, we are going to choose the `Upload` option.

![import-upload](https://img.enkipro.com/d6c8f6ac1212183882e7d929a4abffe6.png)

After your file has been uploaded, a new pop-up window will appear.

![importing-uptions](https://img.enkipro.com/7ab494c6a18dfe6682ad72790788c0d2.png)

At the top you have your file name. 

> Next, you have the `import location`. You have 3 options to chose from, we will choose the `Insert new sheet(s)` one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you have the `import location` with three options to choose from. We will choose the `Insert new sheet(s)` one.
```
